Q1.Employee payroll system
Employee name.
Employee ID
Basic pay
HRA
TA
DA
Grade pay
Deduction 5% from Basic pay
Find the Gross pay, Net pay (Grade pay + deductions) and print all the details given
above, using class and object of get () method and cal( )method.

Q2.Student management system
Student name
Student id as inputs with marks for 5 Subjects, calculate and round of the subject
marks to 10 and then find CGPA, Grade using object and class concept of oops 
Solve the above by creating a base class and derived class use inheritance to solve it.

Q3. Instantiate the X class using self and then using self in the get () method and to
achieve composition you can instantiate other objects in the class and then use those
instances that Generate output of the total code which has both inheritance and composition.

Q4.An Internet service provider has three different subscription packages for its
customers: Package A: for $9.95/month, 10 hours of access are provided. Additional hours
are $2.00/hour. Package B: for $14.95/month, 20 hours of access are provided. Additional
hours are $1.00/hour. Package C: for $19.95/month, unlimited access is provided.
Write a program using objects and classes that calculates a customer’s monthly bill. 
It should ask which package the customer has purchased and how many hours were
used. It
should then display the total amount due.
Input validation: be sure the user only selects package A, B, or C.  Also, the number
of
hours used in a month cannot exceed 744.

Q5.Write a program using object-oriented concepts that calculates and displays a person’s
body mass index (BMI).  The 
BMI is often used to determine whether a person with sedentary lifestyle is
overweight or underweight for his or her height.  A person’s BMI is calculated with
the following formula:
BMI = weight * 703/height^2
where weight is measured in pounds and height is measured in inches.  The program
should display a message indicating whether the person has optimal weight, is
underweight, or is overweight.  A sedentary person’s weight is considered to be
optimal if his or her BMI is between 18.5 and 25.  If the BMI is less than 18.5, the
person is considered to be underweight.  If the BMI value is greater than 25, the
person is considered to be overweight.




